docs: Add a general security checklist (placeholder) (#32927)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/management/security/general-recommendations.mdx

---
title: General Security Recommendations

> description: Provides a simplified checklist of security measures to consider to protect enrolled resources and Teleport clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Provides a simplified checklist of security measures to protect enrolled resources and Teleport clusters.
```

---

> If you host the Teleport cluster on your own network, review the following checklist for actions you can take to make 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run a self-hosted Teleport cluster, review the following checklist for actions you can take to make 
```
We use the "self-hosted" language throughout the docs, so I think this is a little more straightforward.

your infrastructure and Teleport cluster more secure and less vulnerable to different attack vectors. You can alleviate

> many of these security concerns by using Teleport Team or Teleport Cloud Enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
many of these security concerns by using Teleport Team or Teleport Enterprise Cloud.
```

> - Use specific role combinations to assign users the least privilege.

Reviewer: I think this could use a mention of the alternative to specific role combinations to clarify what the user would be avoiding here.

Does this mean the same as, "Define roles with the narrowest permissions possible and assign a user to multiple roles to expand the resources they can access, rather than granting a smaller number of broader roles"?

> - Consider separating people from roles to ensure checks and balance.

Reviewer: Is the alternative assigning one role per user? I guess I'm not sure what this means. I would clarify "checks and balance" as well.

> - Consider separating people from roles to ensure checks and balance.

Reviewer 2: What does this one mean?

> - Consider all system-level access carefully.

Reviewer: What is an example of system-level access?

> - Consider all system-level access carefully.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure this is specific and actionable enough to list here.

- Require multifactor authentication.
- Consider the use of IP address pinning.
- Consider the use of moderated sessions.

> - Enroll devices and configure device trust.

Reviewer: Since these refer to specific Teleport features, I would link to pages that explain these features in more detail.
